DOC-7524 Retitle legacy conflict handling (#329)
couchbase/docs-sync-gateway: modules/ROOT/pages/resolving-conflicts.adoc

= Conflict Resolution with 1.x client
:page-status: deprecated
:description: Couchbase Sync Gateway -- resolving conflicts
:idprefix:
:idseparator: -

include::partial$_std-hdr-sgw.adoc[]

> :param-abstract: This guide relates to handling conflicts created by Couchbase Lite 1.x clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:param-abstract: This guide relates to handling data conflicts while syncing with Couchbase Lite 1.x clients or syncing with pre 2.8 version of Sync Gateway nodes using SG-Replicate
```

include::partial$block-abstract.adoc[]

== Introduction

> This content addresses conflicts created by Couchbase Lite 1.x clients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide covers  handling data conflicts while syncing with Couchbase Lite 1.x clients or syncing with pre 2.8 version of Sync Gateway nodes using SG-Replicate

```

> It describes how to handle the conflict resolution on the server-side using the Sync Gateway Admin REST API. That information does not apply to applications using Couchbase Mobile 2.x _only_ -- see {xref-sgw-pg-resolving-conflicts}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In these cases, the conflict resolution happens on the server-side using the Sync Gateway Admin REST API. This information does not apply to applications using Couchbase Mobile 2.x _only_ -- see {xref-sgw-pg-resolving-conflicts} or inter-Sync Gateway replication with versions of Sync Gateway 2.8 and above  -- see {xref-sgw-pg-resolving-conflicts} 
```

Reviewer: I have a TBD xref that needs to point to conflict resolution in Inter Sync Gateway Replication
